Tłumaczenie EN (#46)
coders-school/multithreading: 07_future_promise/md.future_promise/module1/10_launch-policies.en.md

<!-- .slide: data-background="#111111" -->

# Multithreading

## `std::promise`/`std::future` in C++

### Launch policies

<a href="https://coders.school">
    <img width="500" data-src="../coders_school_logo.png" alt="Coders School" class="plain">
</a>

___
<!-- .slide: style="font-size: .96em" -->

### Launch policies

#### `async(std::launch policy, Function&& f, Args&&... args);` <!-- .element: class="fragment fade-in" -->

* <!-- .element: class="fragment fade-in" --> <code>std::launch::async</code> - asynchronous call on a separate system thread

> * <!-- .element: class="fragment fade-in" --> <code>std::launch::differed</code> - lazily executes the function <code>f</code> the first time it is called on the object <code>future</code> metod <code>get()</code> or <code>wait()</code>. Execution is synchronous, which means the caller waits for the function <code>f</code> to complete. If <code>get()</code> or <code>wait()</code> will not be called function <code>f</code> will not execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <!-- .element: class="fragment fade-in" --> <code>std::launch::differed</code> - lazily executes the function <code>f</code> the first time method <code>get()</code> or <code>wait()</code> is called on the object <code>future</code> . Execution is synchronous, which means the caller waits for the function <code>f</code> to complete. If <code>get()</code> or <code>wait()</code> will not be called function <code>f</code> will not execute
```
